docs: add `commitType` to configuration docs (#757)
all-contributors/allcontributors.org: docs/bot/configuration.md

| `files`                          | Array of files to update.                                                                           | Default: `['README.md']`                                                                                    |
| `imageSize`                      | Size (in px) of the user's avatar.                                                                  | Default: `100`                                                                                              |
| `commit`                         | Auto-commit badge when adding contributors.                                                         | Default: `false`                                                                                           |

> | `commitConvention`               | Commit convention ([`angular`](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit), [`atom`](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#git-commit-messages), [`ember`](https://guides.emberjs.com/v1.10.0/contributing/#toc_commits), [`eslint`](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/contribute/pull-requests#step2), [`jshint`](https://jshint.com/contribute/), [`gitmoji`](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/), or `none`).                                                         | Default: `angular`                                                                                           |

Reviewer: @danieltott Hi. I think no need to change this line. Kindly remove it.

Author: @tenshiAMD there were two broken links in the original docs (angular and eslint) - hence the changes. I can revert them if you'd like, but then the links will still be broken

Reviewer: > @tenshiAMD there were two broken links in the original docs (angular and eslint) - hence the changes. I can revert them if you'd like, but then the links will still be broken

I think it should be in a separate commit. However, it is not too important as those links came from third party and can change anytime. I think what's important are the options that the user will able to use.

Author: Fair enough - will create a separate PR for those 👍🏼

| `imageSize`                      | Size (in px) of the user's avatar.                                                                  | Default: `100`                                                                                              |
| `commit`                         | Auto-commit badge when adding contributors.                                                         | Default: `false`                                                                                           |
| `commitConvention`               | Commit convention ([`angular`](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-commit-message-guidelines), [`atom`](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#git-commit-messages), [`ember`](https://guides.emberjs.com/v1.10.0/contributing/#toc_commits), [`eslint`](https://eslint.org/docs/1.0.0/developer-guide/contributing#step-2-make-your-changes), [`jshint`](https://jshint.com/contribute/), [`gitmoji`](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/), or `none`).                                                         | Default: `angular`                                                                                           |

> | `commitType`                     | Set the `tag` for the commit in your chosen `commitConvention` (read more at [`commit-conv`](https://github.com/Berkmann18/commit-conv#parameters))    | Default: `docs`                                          |

Reviewer 2: Is this link right? It doesn't look like the right repo, and includes little/no helpful information about which options can be used for the commitType option.

Would https://www.conventionalcommits.org be better?

Can anyone add information about whether the it is supported to add a `scope` to `commitType` as well?

e.g. will `"commitType": "chore(contributors)"` work?

Reviewer 2: @tenshiAMD perhaps you know ☝🏻

Reviewer 2: I see, that's the library that the all contributors bot uses, presumably. In that case, makes sense, though it's unclear how opinionated that library is about the commitType or if any string value would be accepted.

> | `commitType`                     | Set the `tag` for the commit in your chosen `commitConvention` (read more at [`commit-conv`](https://github.com/Berkmann18/commit-conv#parameters))    | Default: `docs`                                          |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `commitType`                     | Set the `type` for the commit in your chosen `commitConvention` (read more at [Conventional Commits specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary). | Default: `docs`                                          |
```
